okay so this is the unboxing of the
13-inch macbook pro the early 2010
version
on the front it has mac mrs. macbook pro
on it inside it has an apple logo back
it shows the macbook pro what it looks
like on the other side it has ilife
features and on top it has the specs of
this computer this is just the base
model 4 gigabytes of RAM and the 250
gigabyte hard drive and go ahead and
open it up this is done by Apple and
California right here here it is very
nice go ahead and look at that aside
what else is in the box so here is
charger connects to I'm actually not
sure what this is right here but I think
I just connect you connected to this and
then this is the charger to it
as I'm here we got everything back and
everything else can we got a CD right
here and a cleaning cloth so go ahead
and open up the pro this is very nice
okay so i'll go ahead and show these
features on it on the left side if you
have the maca save power adapter and
then here's the ethernet port firewire
800 point port the main display port 2
USBS SD card slot reader and a audio in
and audio out and then right here is the
power button to see how many hours left
a battery you have so when you turn it
i'll show you then here is the magnet
lot magnetic lock then right here is the
superdrive i'll go ahead and open it up
ooh this is nice I'll go ahead move it
up for you
it always takes longer on the first boot
up so there's a nice glass trackpad
right here back to the chiclet keyboard
an isight camera right here
go ahead and select English
as you can see it lit up right here okay
so that was the unboxing of the macbook
pro 13-inch and see you guys later peace